📖 Improve HealthCheck docs (#3305)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/healthcheck.md

    timeout: 300s
```

<aside class="note warning">

<h1> Important </h1>

> If you are defining more than one `MachineHealthCheck`, you should **not create overlapping selectors**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are defining more than one `MachineHealthCheck` for the same Cluster, make sure that the selectors **do not overlap**
```

> in order to prevent conflicts or unexpected behaviours when trying to remediate the same machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to prevent conflicts or unexpected behaviors when trying to remediate the same set of machines.
```
